update tests for webpack 5 (#395)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/non-js-resources/subtests/binary/subtests/arraybuffer/webpack/index.md

[arraybuffer-loader] is an off-the-shelf loader that encodes imported files as Base64, then exports the decoded contents as an ArrayBuffer. This can also be achieved by chaining together `url-loader`'s `base64` option and a quick base64-to-arraybuffer implementation. Since that's basically what arraybuffer-loader does, we'll use the one that was already built.

One important caveat with arraybuffer-loader: it's designed to output code that runs in both the browser and Node.js.

As a result, Webpack 4 actually inlines a complete polyfill for Node.js' `Buffer` implementation even though that codepath never gets executed in the browser. To prevent this, it's important to set Webpack's `node.Buffer` configuration option to `false`.

> Webpack 5 doesn't automatically include polyfills for Node.js features anymore, so this is no longer needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One caveat with `arraybuffer-loader` is that it generates code that runs in both the browser and Node.js. In webpack 4 causes a polyfill for the Node.js `Buffer` API to be injected into bundles, unless the `node.Buffer` option is explicitly set to `false`. This is not an issue in Webpack 5, which no longer automatically polyfills Node.js features.
```

Author: I removed the whole paragraph as it's only related to webpack 4 and gives no useful info for webpack 5.
